c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.pdb
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\obj\Debug\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.dll
c:\users\g62\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\obj\Debug\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.pdb
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Unity.Mvc3.dll
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.Data.dll
C:\Users\G62\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\ResponsiveMeetingSearch\bin\ResponsiveMeetingSearch.Data.pdb
